Anni/wcicd (#16642)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/ci-cd/builds/troubleshoot.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: troubleshooting
title: Troubleshooting
description: Learn about troubleshooting and known issues in Workers Builds.
sidebar:
  badge:
    text: Beta
---

> ## Known Issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting & Debugging
```

(or something)

- **Updating API Tokens:** If you have updated an API Token, the changes may not be reflected in the Build Configuration settings on the dashboard. If you are encountering authentication errors after updating your build's API Token, we recommend creating a new API Token for the build.

> - **Failed Builds stuck in In-Progress:** If you see in the build logs that your build has failed but the status is hung in "In-progress", we recommend you to cancel the build, review the build configurations, then retry the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Failed Builds stuck in In-Progress:** If your build has failed but the status still show that the build is "In-progress", you should cancel the build, review your build configuration, then retry the build.
```

> If you discover additional issues, please notify us in the [Discord](https://discord.cloudflare.com).

Reviewer: Where? What channel?

---

> pcx_content_type: concept

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pcx_content_type: troubleshooting
```

title: Troubleshooting
description: Understand the build image used in Workers Builds.

> sidebar:

Reviewer: +1
